EPISODE 6
So many servers?
Can pigs fly now?
You're getting into gaming?
I have to try it one by one.
Searching for servers is tiring.
Here, have a drink.
- Thanks!
- Thanks.
Could it be that
Bei Weiwei is playing this game,
but you don't know which server she's on?
Yeah, but I know her handle.
Bro, you're amazing.
Have fun looking.
Which one is it?
This is when we agreed
to release the video.
It's been uploaded!
GIRL BANDIT ABDUCTS GROOM
Oh, no! Bandits!
What do you want, Girl Bandit?
I own this mountain.
I planted these trees.
For a safe passage through,
leave the man as tribute.
No can do!
You detest me so. Leave here.
I set you free.
You have such a bright future.
Why must you waste away
on this desolate mountain?
How did this happen?
When we shot the ending,
Girl Bandit dies,
and Guzheng Player jumps off
the Sunset Peak
with her body in his arms.
I can't believe Naihe made
such a melodramatic change to the ending.
If people find out
that I cried watching the video...
Would it be embarrassing?
I watched it. It's very good.
Did you change the ending?
Yes, otherwise
the running time is too short.
Running time? What running time?
I remember the video can be any length.
In the detailed guidelines,
the winning video
that is over 30 minutes long
will receive double the reward.
We already took the time to make it.
We should earn all we can.
That's what makes him the master player.
He's even studied the detailed guidelines.
But, are you that confident
we will win for sure?
No. That's not the point.
The point is,
according to Naihe,
the ending plot
that nearly drove me to tears
was added to stretch the running time?
How did you come up with the ending?
It's much better than the original one.
The original ending was good,
but it wouldn't work well with flashbacks.
It'd be too obvious.
So, the ending was changed,
to fit in flashbacks
and stretch the running time?
More or less.
I see. Naihe wanted
to stretch the running time.
Not only that, he also inserted
a bunch of flashbacks.
The new ending is a product of
stretching for time and laziness.
All that heart-wrenching,
longing after separation by death
is just a lot of nothing.
I was too naive to be so moved by it.
Let's publish it to the forum.
Will you do it? Or me?
You do it. I'm too lazy to register.
Okay. I'll get on it.
The comments are pouring in,
right after I posted.
Have you read them? Many people cried.
The beginning and the end
are so melodramatic.
They're all slamming the script writer.
I took the blame for you.
You put down my name as the script writer.
I haven't read them.
Let me know the result.
Okay. I'll report back to you every day.
Why does Guzheng Player
have to kill Girl Bandit?
I'm pretty sure you wrote that part.
But I was playing around.
If it were you,
would you kill Girl Bandit?
Not me.
Hmm?
He's not me. I wouldn't reach that point.
I should go.
There's not a soul in the library.
I'm sure there are.
It's true! How did you know?
Lucky guess. Be safe on the way back.
Okay.
- Thanks, Professor. Bye-bye.
- Okay. Bye-bye.
Why are you still in Pujia Village?
Didn't I bump you up to grade 30?
I have the highest grade in Pujia Village.
That's why I'm reluctant to leave.
The outside world is full of danger.
Look at this place.
It's greenery everywhere and I reign big.
I'm surrounded by silly newbies.
I have to soak in the feeling of being
the best and most famous.
Real masters like you
can't relate to a fake master like me.
You startled me.
Enough. Go do your thing.
I just discovered the fun of gaming.
I don't need your help for now.
I'll go wash my face.
Help.
Help me, Weiwei!
Help me out, Weiwei!
What is it?
This can wait.
It's life and death over here!
What can be so urgent in Pujia Village?
You have a high grade.
Who'd challenge you?
Not me!
I saw someone in trouble,
so I went to his rescue,
but I ran into
a particularly nimble monster.
My maneuvering can't keep up.
Come on.
Have a seat, Ms. Weiwei.
Drink this and show them
who's the real boss.
Okay.
- Done. It's all yours.
- Thank you so much!
- I want milk tomorrow.
- No problem.
Please wait!
Thanks for coming to my rescue.
In this world,
ability comes with responsibility.
That was my duty. See you later.
Wait!
Are you talking to me?
This is my first experience with gaming.
You saw it yourself.
I was powerless
against the weakest monster.
You're amazing!
Won't you take me under your wing?
This dummy says I'm amazing.
With him by my side,
it'll be nice to get praised all the time.
It's rare to find someone
who's worse off than me when I started.
Fine, I'll take you under my wing,
until you can fight monsters on your own.
Master, accept my honoring bow
as your apprentice.
Did I say I'd take him as my apprentice?
I got an apprentice
before leaving Pujia Village! What a deal!
Okay, please get up.
With an "Eagle Spread Its Wings,"
I offed the little monster in a second.
My apprentice knelt down and said,
"Master, please take me
as your apprentice."
I never thought
I could be spreading my influence
so soon in a game.
I feel so good about myself. Yeah?
I only feel a breakdown coming.
Sisi?
I feel so good about myself. Yeah?
Bang!
So cruel.
Are you done swiping your phone?
It's bad for the eyes
to be on the phone while you walk.
Anyway, when will you buy a new phone?
I'll buy it after my summer job.
I don't have enough money now.
What are you doing anyway?
A friend and I made a video.
It's being voted on in the forum.
Look! Our votes are leading everyone else.
We've got the contest in the bag. Here.
Let's go.
Where are you, Weiwei?
I need to talk to you.
I'm doing my daily quests, safeguarding
a shipment of cargo. What is it?
I'll meet you in front of
Hangzhou Safeguard Agency.
What's up, Nini?
I have a question for you, Weiwei.
What is it?
If someone offered a large sum of money,
would you be willing to withdraw
from the video contest?
Zhenshui Wuxiang?
You guessed it, Weiwei.
I didn't need to guess. Isn't it obvious?
If I withdraw,
who will benefit directly?
The winning prize
is a seven-colored outfit.
Xiaoyu Yaoyao
seems to have her eye on it.
Zhenshui Wuxiang went behind her back,
and had me make the offer.
After the face-off last time,
it's awkward for him to approach you.
Weiwei, you're not mad, are you?
I'm not mad. I just think it's funny.
If he plans to spend a couple of thousand
or a few hundred thousand to make me quit,
tell him to give up the idea,
before he embarrasses himself further.
Tens of thousands? Hundreds of thousands?
There's no way
Zhenshui would spend that much money.
He made it sound like a few thousand.
Maybe 10,000 at most.
I didn't know you were that rich, Weiwei!
I had no idea!
I'm low-key.
Forget it, then.
Weiwei, you're not mad, are you?
I didn't want to help him,
but he seems to be
truly in love with Xiaoyu Yaoyao.
I was a bit moved by him.
You know what? They met in person.
They're a couple in real life, too.
They're both in Capital City.
You, too. Right?
Yes, the server is called
Capital City Bests.
A lot of players live here.
Speaking of which,
Naihe and his team
probably go to school here, too?
I'm in Tianjin.
Otherwise, we could meet up and hang out.
By the way, Zhenshui is really handsome.
I have their photo.
Do you want to see, Weiwei?
Not interested.
Hey, Weiwei,
you've met Yixiao Naihe, right?
Is he handsome? Tell me!
No.
Anyway, I should go.
I have a monster-offing date
at five o'clock.
You and your team are all
in Capital City. Right?
I'll go off some monsters.
You're shameless.
You hide behind the missus
and get the reward for free?
You get used to being a deadbeat
after a while.
Guys like you,
who don't have the missus' protection,
will never understand.
Get him!
It's bad enough that you're ungrateful.
You stepped on me, too!
I'm turning in my grave!
A married couple does think alike!
We can't interfere in their domestic life.
I didn't see you guys.
Why were you lying on the ground?
What a phony!
I don't believe you didn't see
how Nai abused us just now.
This is called selective blindness.
I knew it.
Neighborhood committee leader
is a tough gig.
The Video Contest has concluded.
The winner of the Video Contest is...
"Girl Bandit Abducts Groom"
by Yixiao Naihe and Luwei Weiwei!
Naihe, we won!
I see it.
Well deserved. The post-production
seems to be done by Yixiao Naihe.
A master of pen and sword. Unbelievable!
The prize delivery is also unbelievable.
Right? What if Naihe gets knocked over?
Wow!
Mrs. Nai, put it on! Try it!
You should put it on, too!
Try changing colors. It's got seven.
Yes! Try it out.
Six colors? I think it's missing one?
Green.
Green?
Naihe's regular headwear
is a white ribbon,
yet the seven-colored outfit's
headwear is green.
The game designer probably did that
on purpose.
Something's wrong with Nai.
He refuses to wear
the matching outfit with Mrs. Nai.
Could it be...
We're an old couple now.
We don't care about superficial stuff.
Have fun, guys.
I'm going to take a stroll.
We're an old couple now.
We don't care about superficial stuff.
What a gossip killer!
Luwei Weiwei, you're a party pooper.
Like...
You've met Yixiao Naihe, right?
Is he handsome? Tell me!
If Naihe wants to exchange photos,
will I do it?
I think I will.
What if he wants to meet?
I think I will, too.
The way Naihe is,
I don't think he'll ask for photos,
let alone asking to meet.
But if we don't ever meet,
once I quit gaming,
will I part with Naihe forever?
Bok choy, getting yellow in the earth
It's before dawn, and I'm washing socks
The northern wind howls,
I still have a ton of socks
What's up, Girly Mei?
I heard your siren's call from far away.
What's that smell?
Darn it! What's that? Poison gas?
It stings my eyes! I can't open them!
Get lost!
Study acting, if you're so good!
Many girls study acting.
I'm telling you,
if you ever call me by that nickname,
- I'll give you Yu Banshan's socks.
- Don't.
I want to live another day.
Washing socks? What's gotten into you?
You have no idea!
Nai... He's back!
Bok choy, getting yellow in the earth
Old masters...
- Goodness!
- ...Tidying up the room...
Xiao Nai, how did you manage this?
It has nothing to do with me.
They're sanitation freaks.
They thought it's time to clean.
I suddenly feel like,
I should go back and clean, too.
See you.
Girly Mei, lend me your laundry detergent.
I haven't used that stuff in ages.
- See you.
- Do you want rags?
No.
I think our dorm
at least meets the standard
of a five-star hotel.
No more worries about girls coming over.
You'll regret it, Nai.
You had Yu Banshan's socks
to fend off the girls for you.
Now, they're nice and clean,
emitting such pleasant aroma,
girls will no longer be deterred.
They'll be swarming into our dorm.
Dry them.
Yu,
why didn't we learn from our mistake?
Why must we play that game with Nai?
Back in the day,
when we first arrived at Qing University,
too naive in our youth...
How old are you guys?
I started school a year late.
I'm 20, probably the oldest.
- I'm 19.
- Me, too.
You're 19, too? I bet I'm older.
I was born in January.
Fine. I'm a Libra,
half love and half beauty.
Looks like you're the youngest.
I'm the oldest. I'll rank everyone.
I'm Big Bro. You're Second Bro.
You're Third Bro.
That makes you Fourth Bro. Fourth Bro!
That doesn't roll off the tongue.
We'll call you Lil' Bro.
Ranking by age is pointless.
We're men. We should be ranked by ability.
I lost again!
Fine, Lil' Bro. You can be Big Bro.
That's okay. I'll settle for Third Bro.
You'd do that?
Big Bro is the acknowledged
dorm supervisor, in charge of maintenance.
We're still too naive!
Why did we have to spar with him?
He uses reverse psychology every time!
Impulse is the original sin!
Original sin!
Wait, I have a call.
Unknown number?
Hello?
Hello, is this Mr. Yu Banshan?
Who's calling, please?
Is it a good time to talk?
It's a girl!
Hurry.
Hi, Miss. Yes, I can talk...
Who's this?
Here's the thing,
I'm calling from Zhenyi Tech's
game development division.
I'm Xiaoli, Mr. Li's secretary.
You visited our office, remember?
Yes, I do.
Since the meeting,
Mr. Li has been talking about you nonstop.
He's very taken with you.
Are you available to meet soon?
Mr. Li wants to invite you to a meal,
just you.
Just me?
I'll call you back.
Okay? I'm a little busy now.
Bye.
- Who was it?
- Houzi, charge my phone.
Nai, remember Mr. Li from Zhenyi?
He wants to meet with you?
Wow. Are you a sorcerer or what?
- He only invited you?
- That's right.
His secretary called me.
She emphasized "just me,"
and asked me to keep it from you.
Her tone of voice was so seductive.
She blew smoke up my butt, too!
What gives?
Yu,
they're trying to lure you in
with a beauty.
Get lost!
Am I the kind to succumb to beauty?
- They should at least send a few!
- Animal!
Enough. What are they really after?
Are they trying to poach you?
They've done that before.
The year before last,
they launched a mobile card game.
Remember?
Yes.
Over 100 million in monthly revenue;
a legend in the industry.
That's right.
The game was developed by a little studio.
Zhenyi Tech failed to acquire them.
So they poached the entire team
with lucrative pay.
They made a similar mobile game
and launched it first.
They might want to do the same this time.
The entire team got poached?
Isn't that certain death for the studio?
Darn it! That's so ruthless!
Nai,
if I get seduced, you have to protect me.
If you're scared, then don't go.
I'm telling you guys,
bros before girls.
No one should succumb
to the temptation of money,
women, house, or cars. Okay?
If push comes to shove...
- I'll go!
Go to hell!
Me! I'll go!
I'm an expert programmer.
Banshan, if you recommend me to go,
I'll give you 30 percent.
By the way, Banshan,
did you give them your number?
No.
That's right!
I never provided my number.
Why do they have it?
They went the whole nine yards
to get your number.
This is no small deal.
They're well prepared.
Nai, I didn't give them an answer
on the phone.
They want to poach me?
I'll reject them outright.
Why reject them?
Isn't this a good opportunity?
What? Why is it a good opportunity?
When Nai smiles mysteriously like that,
somebody will get burnt.
So chilling! So scary!
I'm scared, too!
How do you want to do this?
Let's go eat first.
You're too much!
Wait, my phone's only been charging
for two minutes.
Your phone can last two hours,
after five minutes of charging.
It'll be fine. Let's go eat.
Wait for me. I need to change.
We're only getting food.
- What do you need to change?
- What do you know?
Wherever Nai is, there'll be girls.
I want the girls to see
my best side.
- I'll change, too.
- Me, too.
Hurry. Let's go!
It feels so great to have Nai back.
Center of attention.
In that moment,
I thought I was extra handsome.
Gotta be handsome.
- So hot!
- He's so cute!
Let's go to him!
Where's Nai?
He left us to get in line?
Xiao Nai?
Xiao Nai has come to the cafeteria!
I see him.
I'm able to stand in the same line
as Xiao Nai!
I'm so lucky!
It's the next line over.
- I've decided!
- What?
Whatever he orders,
we'll have that for lunch.
Excellent decision!
But your decision is hard to realize.
Xiao Nai is behind us.
We'll get up before him.
We should instead pray for
sitting at the same table with him.
Don't even think about that.
It's too much of a drain on luck.
I worry we might use up all of it.
Next!
- What would you like?
- These three.
- His line is moving so fast.
- That one.
- Your wish is about to come true.
- And this.
The lunch lady is moving so slow,
I want to cry.
I'm so touched.
What would you like?
- Sweet-and-sour pork.
There's only one portion left.
So...
It's fine. I'll have Salted Chicken.
I don't want it, either. This is fine.
I want the sweet-and-sour pork.
I'll take it all.
Thanks, bro!
Here. I got some more.
Bros,
how come it's a guy
at the lunch counter today?
He's very nice, though.
Look! My portion is extra big.
My sautéed mixed greens
have extra strips of meat.
I thought it was odd.
How come mine has no meat?
Not even a speck.
Mine has no meat, either.
What do you know? This is called luck.
You're no match for me.
He gave you more meat,
because he saw your baby face
and under-developed body.
Who are you calling under-developed?
We can go back and compare!
Enough!
Your conversation
is so innocent that I could barf.
Anyway, we've never been
to this cafeteria.
It's far from our dorm.
What's going on, Nai?
Why are we eating here today?
It's a random pick.
I think this cafeteria is nice.
I'm in love with this cafeteria.
Let's eat here from now on.
Why didn't you listen to me?
We should sit closer to Xiao Nai.
We didn't get to eat the same food.
My only consolation is that
I have the same drink as him.
Why do I feel a little guilty?
Guilty over what?
Why do I feel like,
ever since I lied to Cao Guang
that I want a boyfriend like Xiao Nai,
I've been running into him more often?
One really shouldn't do bad things.
I feel so guilty.
Tell me! Why do you feel guilty?
Just eat.
I have to go study later.
In-Game Couples Battle Championship
registration opens tonight.
I have to hurry back. Eat up!
I need to use the toilet. You guys go on.
Eat!
Quit staring.
It starts next Friday night,
for a month.
If we can get into the finals,
after the competition,
I still have a week to study English.
My schedule is fine.
What about you?
It's fine.
If there's a match,
remind me the day before.
Sure. I'll be your calendar.
Nai, In-Game Couples Battle Championship
is about to begin.
It's an all-servers competition,
full of master-level players.
You should train with us first.
Yeah, pretend we're your opponents.
Let's do a mock match.
Our opponents are in-game couples.
Which one of you is the guy? And the girl?
- I'm the guy, of course!
- I'm heavier.
- I'm taller.
- I'm cuter.
- I'm prettier.
Must you make me crush you?
- In your dreams!
- Bring it on!
Subtitle translation by Lu Yuhan